pages/docs/guide/install-flaminui.mdx, before:

--- 
title: "Intsall ProtoUI"
date: "2024-07-22"
---

import CodeCopy from "@src/CodePreview/CodeCopy";

### Install the dependencies commonly used by the ProtoUI
<CodeCopy
  language="markdown"
  code={`npm i framer-motion clsx tailwind-merge tw-merge`}
/>

### Add utility file

Create a file at `./lib/utils.ts` with the follwing content

<CodeCopy 
  code={`import { ClassValue, clsx } from "clsx";
import { twMerge } from "tailwind-merge";

export function cn(...inputs: ClassValue[]) {
  return twMerge(clsx(inputs));
}`}
language="markdown"
fileName="lib/utils.ts"
/>

### Configure TypeScript

Add the following content in your typescript configuration

<CodeCopy
code=
{`{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "lib": ["dom", "dom.iterable", "esnext"],
    "allowJs": true,
    "skipLibCheck": true,
    "strict": true,
    "noEmit": true,
    "esModuleInterop": true,
    "module": "esnext",
    "moduleResolution": "bundler",
    "resolveJsonModule": true,
    "isolatedModules": true,
    "jsx": "preserve",
    "incremental": true,
    "plugins": [
      {
        "name": "next"
      }
    ],
    "baseUrl": "./",
    "paths": {
      "@/*": ["./*"],
      "@components/*": ["lib/components/*"],
      "@lib/*": ["lib/*"],
      "@types/*": ["lib/types/*"],
      "@src/*":["components/*"]
    },
    "target": "ES5",
  },
  "include": ["next-env.d.ts", "**/*.ts", "**/*.tsx", ".next/types/**/*.ts", "theme.config.tsx","next.config.js","**/*.mdx"],
  "exclude": ["node_modules"]
}`}

fileName="tsconfig.json"
language="markdown"
/>

### Initialise ProtoUI

Execute the follwing command to initialise ProtoUI in your project

<CodeCopy
code={`npx protoyoui init`}
language="markdown"
/>

### Start using

You are all set to use ProtoUI in your project. Add ProtoUI components as needed, For an example you can add the Button component by executing the following command

<CodeCopy
code={`npx protoyoui add Button`}
language="markdown"
/>

Now you can import and use it as you want it. Refer to the docs for more information about available components and their usage.

Commit message:

replaced proto with flamin at some more places

pages/docs/guide/install-flaminui.mdx, after:

--- 
title: "Intsall FlaminUI"
date: "2024-07-22"
---

import CodeCopy from "@src/CodePreview/CodeCopy";

### Install the dependencies commonly used by the FlaminUI
<CodeCopy
  language="markdown"
  code={`npm i framer-motion clsx tailwind-merge tw-merge`}
/>

### Add utility file

Create a file at `./lib/utils.ts` with the follwing content

<CodeCopy 
  code={`import { ClassValue, clsx } from "clsx";
import { twMerge } from "tailwind-merge";

export function cn(...inputs: ClassValue[]) {
  return twMerge(clsx(inputs));
}`}
language="markdown"
fileName="lib/utils.ts"
/>

### Configure TypeScript

Add the following content in your typescript configuration

<CodeCopy
code=
{`{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "lib": ["dom", "dom.iterable", "esnext"],
    "allowJs": true,
    "skipLibCheck": true,
    "strict": true,
    "noEmit": true,
    "esModuleInterop": true,
    "module": "esnext",
    "moduleResolution": "bundler",
    "resolveJsonModule": true,
    "isolatedModules": true,
    "jsx": "preserve",
    "incremental": true,
    "plugins": [
      {
        "name": "next"
      }
    ],
    "baseUrl": "./",
    "paths": {
      "@/*": ["./*"],
      "@components/*": ["lib/components/*"],
      "@lib/*": ["lib/*"],
      "@types/*": ["lib/types/*"],
      "@src/*":["components/*"]
    },
    "target": "ES5",
  },
  "include": ["next-env.d.ts", "**/*.ts", "**/*.tsx", ".next/types/**/*.ts", "theme.config.tsx","next.config.js","**/*.mdx"],
  "exclude": ["node_modules"]
}`}

fileName="tsconfig.json"
language="markdown"
/>

### Initialise FlaminUI

Execute the follwing command to initialise FlaminUI in your project

<CodeCopy
code={`npx protoyoui init`}
language="markdown"
/>

### Start using

You are all set to use FlaminUI in your project. Add FlaminUI components as needed, For an example you can add the Button component by executing the following command

<CodeCopy
code={`npx protoyoui add Button`}
language="markdown"
/>

Now you can import and use it as you want it. Refer to the docs for more information about available components and their usage.
